


	Actor Steve Buscemi might be a close pal of Mayor de Blasio, but he's not much of a fan of the city's new 25 mile per hour speed limit.


	Speaking Monday night at the 2014 "Made in NY" Awards, the actor joked that he missed his chance to appear in the night's video roundup of nominees because of the lower speed limit.


	"I was going there (to film) and I was driving 25 miles per hour and I was late," said Buscemi.


	De Blasio, who presented him the award, burst out laughing.


	"I was safe. And that's a good thing," said the "Boardwalk Empire" star.


	Fellow award winner Louis C.K told de Blasio he shouldn't keep the city too pristine if he wants TV shows and movies to keep filming here.


	"You want it to be a little bit of a dump so there's texture," he said.


	The comic said he voted for de Blasio, and hopes he'll fight to bring art to all schools.


	"Even the real bad schools that I can't even ride past because I'm too afraid," he said.


	The awards are held every year to honor actors, films and production companies that are filmed in New York.


	Typically it's held at Gracie Mansion, but this year it was held in Brooklyn at Weylin B. Seymours, a banquet hall that was the site of the former Williamsburg Savings Bank.


	Hundreds of industry people showed up, making the former bank a bit of a tight squeeze.


	One attendee was overheard complaining it was a "flash mob" and another said, "When you can't see your feet you know it's too many people."


	Louis C.K. also wasn't a fan.


	"No one should ever host an event in a room like this ever again," he said from the stage. "Close the bank while you're using it for a thing."


	Actress Rosie Perez, who was also honored, agreed.


	"This is a crappy place to have it," she said after accepting her award.


	But she was very supportive of the New York film industry.


	"To hell with Toronto!" she said.


	Other honorees include actor Neil Patrick Harris, "Sex and the City" producer Jane Raab, and filmmaker Albert Maysles.


	Maysles won a lifetime achievement award for His Maysles Documentary Center, which is dedicated to films that inspire dialogue and action in Harlem.







 Copyright 2014 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.